he was comforted by her because he was sick.
I was absent from school because I had a cold.
We can't trust him because he often tells lies.
She dumped him because he was a jerk.
She asked him to read because she is blind.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice because he is hard of hearing.
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because the sculpture was not anchored.
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because the shelf was not level.
Jim yelled at Kevin because Jim was so upset.
Jim comforted Kevin because Kevin was so upset.
I was absent from school because I was sick.
I'm here because of Tom.
I do it because I have to.
I do it because I want to.
We're here because of you.
We're late because of you.
I do it because I enjoy it.
Tom left because he was sick.
I'm here because I want to be.
I like Tom because he's honest.
That's because he doesn't know.
That's because they don't care.
He was late because of the snow.
I do it because I like to do it.
She's absent because she's sick.
Tom helped because he wanted to.
Tom is absent because he's sick.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
He was absent because of illness.
I did it because I had no choice.
I went there because I wanted to.
I was late because of the traffic.
I'm here because I need your help.
Tom collapsed because of the heat.
We were late because of the storm.
He was absent because of the storm.
I can't help you because I am busy.
I can't sleep because of the noise.
I'm here because I need Tom's help.
Tom failed because he didn't study.
Tom passed out because of the heat.
Because of rain, I could not go out.
Everything is ruined because of you.
He succeeded because he worked hard.
I called you because I need a favor.
I couldn't come because of the rain.
I only quit because you asked me to.
We can't sleep because of the noise.
He couldn't come because he was sick.
I overslept because I stayed up late.
I stayed home because it was raining.
I stayed home because of the weather.
They didn't swim because it was cold.
Tom got sick because he ate too much.
I couldn't go out because of the rain.
I couldn't go out because of the snow.
The train was delayed because of snow.
He couldn't go out because of the snow.
I called a cab, because it was raining.
I could not sleep because of the noise.
The train stopped because of the storm.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
    I went there because I wanted to.
    He couldn't come because he was sick.
    I couldn't go out because of the rain.
    I couldn't go out because of the snow.
    I am hungry because I did not eat lunch.
    I was surprised because it was very big.
    I can't go with you because I'm very busy.
    We couldn't go out because of the typhoon.
    He stood out because he was wearing a suit.
    I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
    I was absent from school because I was sick.
    The bus was late because of the traffic jam.
    The pain went away because I took the pills.
    We couldn't go out because of the snowstorm.
    We couldn't go out because of the heavy rain.
    We lost our electricity because of the storm.
    Because of the typhoon, the school was closed.
    He was absent from school because he was sick.
    I just asked because I thought you would know.
    I was absent from school because I had a cold.
    We can't trust him because he often tells lies.
    I can't go out because I have a lot of homework.
    Just because he's rich, doesn't mean he's happy.
    She was absent from school because she was sick.
    I'm worn out, because I've been standing all day.
    She dumped him because she thought he was a jerk.
    She herself helped him because no one else would.
    I didn't go out at all because you told me not to.
    She married him only because her parents made her.
    I couldn't sleep well because it was noisy outside.
    I have to go soon because I left the engine running.
    I canceled my appointment because of urgent business.
    Just because he's wise, doesn't mean that he's honest.
    Tom put off his wedding because of a traffic accident.
    Tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
    She helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to.
    He couldn't sleep because of the noise outside his window.
    Because I had a bad cold, I went to bed earlier than usual.
    She couldn't fall asleep because she was thinking about him.
    Many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy.
    He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to.
    They had to change their schedule because the train arrived late.
    Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
    Most car accidents happen because drivers aren't paying attention.
    She asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses.
    I couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way.
    She always speaks to him in a loud voice because he's hard of hearing.
    I can't tell you everything I've been told because I've been told not to.
    She hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best.
    To put it bluntly, the reason this team won't win is because you're holding them back.
    It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
    I don't think it makes him a bad person just because he's decided he likes to eat horse meat.
    She advised him to visit Boston, because she thought it was the most beautiful city in the world.
    Just saying you don't like fish because of the bones is not really a good reason for not liking fish.


Only because you had the cart before the horse.
I think he felt included because he was helping as much as we were.
Carmen thought Destiny was getting better because she was no longer coughing.
Is it because winning the award gives them more confidence?
Jim was brought with the others, although it took a good many Gargoyles to carry the big beast through the air and land him on the high platform, and the buggy was thrust in after him because it belonged to the party and the wooden folks had no idea what it was used for or whether it was alive or not.
Bill Gates could make his billions because computers, with the right software, could vastly increase productivity.
But they were in great numbers, and the Champion could not shout much because he had to save his breath for fighting.
Her words puzzled me very much because I did not then understand anything unless I touched it.
Was God punishing Destiny because they had been greedy?
A problem arises because of the strong correlation between standard of living and energy consumption.
That was because I saw everything with the strange, new sight that had come to me.
This is a good thing because it means that high degrees of utility (the economists' word for "happiness") can be achieved with a wide variety of goods.
But it is precisely because I am a historian that I am so optimistic.
He was often called the Ettrick Shepherd, because he was the keeper of sheep near the Ettrick Water.
He was in trouble because his scholars would not study.
I knew the sky was black, because all the heat, which meant light to me, had died out of the atmosphere.
I will ask the Tin Woodman to defend the prisoner, because he has such a kind heart I am sure he will do his best to save her.
Latin word aqua, water; because they are believed to have been
Maybe because it had the same theme of wrought iron and ivory as the hacienda - and maybe they had been visiting too long.
Again, I always go to sea as a sailor, because they make a point of paying me for my trouble, whereas they never pay passengers a single penny that I ever heard of.
When we consider what, to use the words of the catechism, is the chief end of man, and what are the true necessaries and means of life, it appears as if men had deliberately chosen the common mode of living because they preferred it to any other.
It was called Fern Quarry, because near it there was a limestone quarry, long since abandoned.
Scruple to dine off these birds at the time of fasting, because they
And still deeper the meaning of that story of Narcissus, who because he could not grasp the tormenting, mild image he saw in the fountain, plunged into it and was drowned.
"I say so," he continued desperately, "because the Bourbons fled from the Revolution leaving the people to anarchy, and Napoleon alone understood the Revolution and quelled it, and so for the general good, he could not stop short for the sake of one man's life."
For my mind was made up to sail in no other than a Nantucket craft, because there was a fine, boisterous something about everything connected with that famous old island, which amazingly pleased me.
Finally, I always go to sea as a sailor, because of the wholesome exercise and pure air of the fore-castle deck.
Yet it is admirable to profess because it was once admirable to live.
They were angry because their plans had been discovered.
But the first time that Zeb managed to give him a sharp box on the ears the Munchkin sat down upon the ground and cried until the tears ran down his whiskers, because he had been hurt.
You are the first and only one to whom I mention this, because I like you.
Do you think the archangel Gabriel thinks anything the less of me, because I promptly and respectfully obey that old hunks in that particular instance?
Sea of molten materials; because the agencies that were at work then
"No," cried he, becoming more and more eager, "Napoleon is great because he rose superior to the Revolution, suppressed its abuses, preserved all that was good in it--equality of citizenship and freedom of speech and of the press--and only for that reason did he obtain power."
There are some who complain most energetically and inconsolably of any, because they are, as they say, doing their duty.
When I ask for a garment of a particular form, my tailoress tells me gravely, "They do not make them so now," not emphasizing the "They" at all, as if she quoted an authority as impersonal as the Fates, and I find it difficult to get made what I want, simply because she cannot believe that I mean what I say, that I am so rash.
"Because I don't know how," answered Henry.
"Because I hate ghost stories," said Prince Hippolyte in a tone which showed that he only understood the meaning of his words after he had uttered them.
It was because she seized the right moment to impart knowledge that made it so pleasant and acceptable to me.
It is not barbarous merely because the printing is skin-deep and unalterable.
"I have nine lives," said the kitten, purring softly as it walked around in a circle and then came back to the roof; "but I can't lose even one of them by falling in this country, because I really couldn't manage to fall if I wanted to."
"I should think not," said Vera, "because there can never be anything wrong in my behavior.
Leith, and was broken down because her timbers had grown old and
At present held to be admissible, it is because long and varied
"That is because I have not invited any one," said Cyrus."
Because my coffee was too cold, I heated it in the microwave.
Though he was very rich, he was still very unhappy.
She returned the computer after she noticed it was damaged.
When the cost goes up, customers buy less clothing.
As she was bright and ambitious, she became manager in no time.
Wherever you go, you can always find beauty.
The movie, though very long, was still very enjoyable.
Evergreen trees are a symbol of fertility because they do not die in the winter.
The actor was happy he got a part in a movie although the part was a small one.
The museum was very interesting as I expected.
Because he is rich, people make allowance for his idiosyncrasies.
The professional, who had been thoroughly trained, was at a loss to explain.
When she was younger, she believed in fairy tales.
After the tornado hit the town, there was little left standing.
I have to save this coupon because I don’t have time to shop right now.
Let’s go back to the restaurant where we had our first date.
Although my cousin invited me, I chose not to go to the reunion.
As genes change over time, evolution progresses.
I really didn’t like the play although the acting was very good.
Everyone laughed when he got a cream pie smashed in his face.
After twenty years, he still had feelings for her.
Some people tell me that money can’t buy happiness.
After I got home, I cooked and cleaned the house.

I ate leftover roast beef, but the kids didn’t.

I hide ice cream at my house because I can.

My toddler won’t eat her potatoes, but I will.

Bethany dumped her soda in the car, but didn’t clean it up.

I went to the store before sunset.

Studying before the test is good, if you want to pass.

Her hair color is fake, and it shows.
Because I twisted the heel on my shoe, it broke.

Because she lied on her application, she’s out.

Because her sister likes chocolate, she doesn’t.

Because Murphy’s Law always prevails, you won’t.
